Added update to Cancellation Token section (#87321)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-dotnet-class-library.md

A function can accept a [CancellationToken](/dotnet/api/system.threading.cancellationtoken) parameter, which enables the operating system to notify your code when the function is about to be terminated. You can use this notification to make sure the function doesn't terminate unexpectedly in a way that leaves data in an inconsistent state.

> This is especially the case when you have functions that process messages in batch.  Consider the following version 4 (~4) Service Bus triggered function.  The default template for a Service Bus triggered Azure Function is rendered to accept a single message using this parameter: ```string myQueueItem```.  By changing that single message parameter to an array like: ```Message[] messages```, results in the function receiving a batch of, or multiple, messages per function invocation.

Reviewer: Can we simplify this just a bit?
```suggestion
Consider the case when you have a function that process messages in batch.  The following Service Bus triggered function processes an array of [Message](/dotnet/api/microsoft.azure.servicebus.message) objects, which represents a batch of incoming messages to be processed by a given function invocation:
```

```csharp
using Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus;
using System.Threading;

namespace ServiceBusCancellationToken
{
    public static class servicebus
    {
        [FunctionName("servicebus")]
        public static void Run([ServiceBusTrigger("csharpguitar", Connection = "SB_CONN")]
               Message[] messages, CancellationToken cancellationToken, ILogger log)
        {
            try

>             { 

Reviewer: This is a much more useful example! 👍

Author: Thanks

                foreach (var message in messages)
                {
                    if (cancellationToken.IsCancellationRequested)
                    {
                        log.LogInformation("A cancellation token was received. Taking precautionary actions.");
                        //Take precautions like noting how far along you are with processing the batch
                        log.LogInformation("Precautionary activities --complete--.");
                        break;
                    }
                    else
                    {
                        //business logic as usual
                        log.LogInformation($"Message: {message} was processed.");
                    }
                }
            }
            catch (Exception ex)
            {
                log.LogInformation($"Something unexpected happened: {ex.Message}");
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> A common pattern for iterating through an array uses the foreach statement.   Within the foreach statement, prior to processing the message, check if a cancellation token has been generated.  The most common scenario will be that the IsCancellationRequested property is false and, in that case, your coded business logic will execute.  In a seldom, but realistic scenario that IsCancellationRequested is true, you will need to take some precautionary actions.  For example, writing a log which stores the fact that this happened and perhaps store the portion of the message batch which has not yet been processed.  If you do the latter, then your startup code needs to check if there are any message batches which experienced this shutdown procedure.  The actual requirement is based on your specific scenario.

Reviewer: Edits and formatting suggestions...note that the issue of persistence in Functions is a bit tough for stateless functions. Should we recommend that they write state info to their Storage account?
```suggestion
As in the previous example, you commonly iterate through an array using a `foreach` loop.  Within this loop and before processing the message, you should check the value of `cancellationToken.IsCancellationRequested` to see if cancellation is pending. In the case where `IsCancellationRequested` is `true`, you may need to take some actions to prepare for a graceful shutdown . For example, you might want to log the status of your code before the shutdown or perhaps write to a persisted store the portion of the message batch which hasn't yet been processed.  If you write this kind of information to a persisted store, then your startup code needs to check the store for any unprocessed message batches written during shutdown. What your code needs to do during graceful shutdown depends on your specific scenario.
```

Consider that processing messages in batches is possible with an Event Hub triggered function.  Notice that the events parameter is declared as an array like the following, ```EventData[] events```.
```csharp
public async Task Run([EventHubTrigger("csharpguitar", Connection = "EH_CONN")] 
       EventData[] events, CancellationToken cancellationToken, ILogger log)
```

> The pattern to process a batch of events is the same as the one shown for processing a batch of Service Bus messages.  In each case you should check for a cancellation token prior to the processing of each item in the array, and if present, manage it as per your business requirements.

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
Event Hubs is an other trigger that supports batch processing messages. The following example is a function method definition for an Event Hubs trigger with a cancellation token that accepts an incoming batch as an array of [EventData](/dotnet/api/microsoft.azure.eventhubs.eventdata) objects:

```csharp
public async Task Run([EventHubTrigger("csharpguitar", Connection = "EH_CONN")] 
       EventData[] events, CancellationToken cancellationToken, ILogger log)
```

The pattern to process a batch of Event Hubs events is similar to the previous example of processing a batch of Service Bus messages. In each case, you should check the cancellation token for a cancellation state before processing each item in the array. When a pending shutdown is detected in the middle of the batch, handle it gracefully based on your business requirements.
~~~
